The evidence is all here
Song Tiantian, what else do you have to say?
These certificates are fake
You dare to pretend to be a down payment daughter
Find a few actors to do a few fake certificates
Is it not for you to count in your heart?
Song Tiantian, you really don't cry when you see the coffin?
What if I said
I can open the most luxurious center of Kangchen Yipin
The door of that house
It was the finest building in Yuncheng
But it's right to prepare for the down payment
That's the one.
How can I open the best single-family building?
No, we have to get him out quickly
He is a liar
These certificates are fake
Throw him out now
Yeah, wait a minute, isn't it just a lock?
Song Tingting
Do you know you can't open it?
Why can't the hard work be opened?
I just don't want to waste my time
Isn't it just a password?
Just go
You can go now.
Hey Song Tiantian
You wouldn't have told me
You can't even get in your own door, can you?
What are you shouting for?
If you have the ability, go ahead and drive it.
Miss
But I forgot what are you so proud of here?
That's it, didn't you find it? What are you urging?
You can forget your own password
You see you still believe
I just have too many houses.
I forgot what the password is.
Don't rush it
Don't worry.
You are great, you know the password
I do know, hey, you're dead
If you want to be proud, just drive it.
You obviously don't know
Stop flipping through your phone, it's almost smoking from you
What are you yelling at?
Miss won't forget the password
Could it be that he knows about your fake certificate?
I really didn't turn it on
Hey
Who says I can't open it?
Dad, didn't you mean Kang Zheng?
Yipin's best active villa
It's you who patrol every day
Tell me the password
he